HARSON MODEL DISPLAY NAME FIXES
Agent implementation, verification, deployment, and rollback runbook
Document version: 1.0
Prepared: 29 September 2026, Asia/Shanghai
Format: UTF-8 plain text

Repository: https://github.com/naseerkhan861/harson-pg
Requested baseline: origin/temp-main
Reviewed commit: 9117ecd801d4077828ac72e429f17186a42fac24
Reviewed commit subject:
  fix(display): mirror names.txt lowercase gpt-image-2.5 row exactly

Main website: https://harson-base.com
Iframe gateway: https://ai.harson-base.com
Provider: YiBai AIGC

PURPOSE

Implement consistent model display names across Harson's own pages and the
proxied YiBai interface. Preserve provider model identities and the working
login, ticket, gateway, upload, generation, and account flows.

This is an implementation specification. The reviewed branch was not modified
or deployed when this document was created. Code samples below are proposed
changes unless explicitly identified as existing code. New filenames, tests,
scripts, and commands must be implemented before they can be used.

The observations apply to the reviewed commit and public assets inspected on
29 September 2026. Agents must compare the current branch and deployed release
before applying the plan. Do not overwrite newer fixes.

CONTENTS

01. Desired behavior and scope
02. Confirmed findings and evidence
03. Mapping decisions and compatibility policy
04. Source-of-truth mapping and build design
05. File-by-file change inventory
06. Step 0: prepare an isolated branch and record the baseline
07. Step 1: create regression fixtures for the reported failures
08. Step 2: fix selector coverage and sidebar activation
09. Step 3: implement shared matching and contextual versions
10. Step 4: extend the display renderer safely
11. Step 5: make dynamic navigation and rendering reliable
12. Step 6: apply the resolver to Harson's own pages
13. Step 7: version assets and improve diagnostics
14. Step 8: run the acceptance tests and build the release
15. Step 9: staging verification
16. Step 10: production deployment
17. Step 11: rollback and incident diagnosis
18. Suggested agent handoffs and completion report
19. Definition of done
Appendix A. Original mapping supplied by the owner
Appendix B. Proposed canonical names.txt
Appendix C. Context and spelling correspondence
Appendix D. Diagnostic examples
Appendix E. Source references


01. DESIRED BEHAVIOR AND SCOPE

1.1 Display behavior

When an approved original model label is displayed, show its configured alias.
Apply the same mapping to:

- Model entries in the left navigation.
- Tool and model headings.
- Floating model-selection tabs.
- Model labels within buttons and dropdown choices.
- Selected model/version labels.
- Image and video card badges.
- History-card model labels.
- Model labels in relevant dialogs, popovers, and tooltips.
- Accessible names associated with those model labels, where appropriate.
- Harson's own model/tool catalog titles and image alternative text.

Provider modules currently listed in the customization config are:
  image-generator
  upscaler
  video-generator
  pattern-design
  prompt-generator
  clothing
  e-commerce

Harson's own All Tools catalog is outside the provider iframe and needs a
separate integration with the same shared resolver.

1.2 Functional behavior to preserve

The selected provider model must remain the same model before and after the
display change. Preserve:

- Model IDs, object IDs, option values, and workflow IDs.
- Request bodies and identifiers submitted to the provider.
- Route names, backend-facing keys, and navigation query values.
- Provider application state and event handlers.
- Login/session handling and launch-ticket behavior.
- Upload controls, generation controls, and credit accounting.
- User prompts, copied prompts, editable text, and generated content.
- Existing account and database contents.

A display label is presentation data. It must not become a substitute for the
original identifier in a provider request.

1.3 Scope boundaries

The picture badges in the screenshots are interface labels. This work concerns
those labels, not rewriting text embedded inside the actual image pixels.
Canvas-rendered labels or text baked into an image need a separate adapter or
asset change; a DOM text adapter cannot automatically alter them.

"Everywhere" means all relevant model-label surfaces, not every occurrence of
a matching string in user content or application internals.

Do not implement global search-and-replace over HTML, JavaScript bundles, JSON
responses, localStorage, request bodies, or the entire document's innerHTML.
Do not alter the provider database to achieve branding.

The proxy origin and the main origin are different browser origins.
The injected renderer should run inside the gateway-served document.
The parent page must not try to read the iframe DOM across origins.
Do not use document.domain, disable browser security, or loosen CORS to make
the parent reach the iframe.

1.4 Reliability target

Changing tabs or receiving new history results should update visible aliases
without reloading the iframe. One normal page/frame load after a new software
release is expected. Repeated automatic reloads are not an aliasing strategy.

Future provider markup changes may require adapter updates. On an unknown or
unsupported structure, retain the original usable interface and report the
unhandled label. Do not blank controls or break generation to hide a name.


02. CONFIRMED FINDINGS AND EVIDENCE

2.1 Runtime files match the reviewed branch

During review, these public files served by ai.harson-base.com were compared
byte-for-byte with the reviewed commit:

  /__harson_custom/image-tab-1/image-tab-config.js
  /__harson_custom/image-tab-1/image-tab-labels.js

Both matched. The served config reported version "all-pages-4".
The observed asset Cache-Control value was "public, max-age=0".

This confirms that the server's public files contained the analyzed code.
It does not prove that every already-open browser tab had reloaded that code.

2.2 The runtime does not read names.txt

The fetched commit did not contain a tracked names.txt. Comments mention
tab_customization/names.txt, but the runtime aliases are a manually maintained
JavaScript object in:

  public/harson-customization/image-tab-config.js

No automatic names.txt parser/generator was found in the reviewed pipeline.
An untracked file on a developer machine or server may exist, but simply
editing it does not update this hardcoded object.

2.3 The renderer is still globally gated by the sidebar

Existing logic in image-tab-labels.js:

  const nextActive = enabled && sidebarMatches();

sidebarMatches() only succeeds when it finds a known original model label in:

  .MainLayout-nav .NavList-list-item > span.label

The pattern-design screenshot has a sidebar of tool names such as 图案创作,
提取花纹, and 风格转换. It can therefore contain a mapped model heading in the
main panel while failing the sidebar test. The renderer then becomes inactive.

A browser fixture using the current runtime reproduced active:false and an
unchanged 悠船MJ V7 heading when only tool names existed in the sidebar.

2.4 Floating headers are outside the required ancestor

Current selectors include:

  .SubLayout-draw .header_fix > span
  .SubLayout-draw .header_fix .IcTab
  .SubLayout-draw .q-tab__label
  .SubLayout-draw .IcTabs

Public provider components inspected during review render floating header_fix
blocks before the transition/form content that contains SubLayout-draw.
The floating header is not necessarily a descendant of SubLayout-draw.

This explains why a mapped sidebar label and history badge can coexist with
an unchanged model selector at the top of the same page.

2.5 IcTabs is a wrapper, not the individual label

The current public IcTabs component creates an IcTabs wrapper containing
individual IcTab elements. Text is in the individual tab.

The renderer only examines direct TEXT_NODE children of selected elements.
Selecting .IcTabs by itself does not alias text inside its .IcTab children.

2.6 A workflow header type is missing

The public FLUX Krea workflow page uses DefaultLayout. Its header class is:

  .DefaultLayout-header

That selector is absent from the reviewed customization config.
This is a specific coverage gap, not a missing FLUX Krea mapping.

2.7 The lowercase GPT mapping already exists

The runtime includes gpt-image-2.5 and other GPT casing variants.
The lookup also already normalizes case.

The unchanged gpt-image-2.5 heading therefore cannot be fixed just by adding
the same lowercase key again. The actual heading must be selected and
processed by the display renderer.

2.8 Short versions and versioned badges are not the same input

The exact normalized lookup sees these as different strings:

  Seedream
  seedream 5.0 pro
  5.0 pro
  即梦 5.0 Pro

The supplied table maps the first and the last, not the two middle strings.
A full-name rule and a component-context rule are both necessary.

2.9 Other direct-text limitations

The current renderer may miss:

- A label split across two or more nested spans.
- Text under an unselected nested element.
- A direct label on a native button, which is not a supported shadow host.
- An element whose only model label is title or aria-label, because attribute
  processing currently happens after a text match created a renderer record.

Do not address these by selecting every element in the document.

2.10 Harson's own catalog is outside this renderer

public/js/aigc-workspace.js has an ALL_TOOLS array with original model names.
renderAllTools() writes tool.name directly into the card heading and img.alt.
The iframe-origin renderer does not run on those parent-page elements.

2.11 Existing tests leave the gap uncovered

The root tests/image-tab-injection.test.cjs suite passed all 15 tests during
review. Those tests validate mappings and HTML injection, not all rendered
provider components.

The browser tests under tab_customization/tests/ import the older files under
tab_customization/public/, using earlier HarsonMD/HarsonFK-style labels.
They do not exercise the current production renderer under public/.

New browser tests must import the actual production files.

2.12 Comments are not authoritative

Some comments still describe image-generator-only behavior although the
runtime supports multiple module names.

The config comment that header_fix and ToolLayout-header no longer exist is
also inaccurate for the public provider builds inspected during review.
Both classes were found. Correct these comments alongside the relevant code.

2.13 Evidence limits

The review used repository code, public deployed assets, public provider
component bundles, supplied screenshots, and local browser fixtures.
It did not perform authenticated production generation or spend credits.

Local fixture reproduction confirms the code gaps. Staging verification is
still necessary for the actual authenticated DOM, styles, interactions,
uploads, and provider requests.


03. MAPPING DECISIONS AND COMPATIBILITY POLICY

3.1 Preserve the currently deployed FLUX Krea result

The owner's input contains:

  FLUX Krea,CLImage-1.0
  FLUX Krea,CLImage

The reviewed branch deliberately uses the last row's value: CLImage.

Compatibility default for this release:
  FLUX Krea -> CLImage

Create a canonical file with only that resolved FLUX Krea row. Record the
resolution in the change description. Do not silently switch to CLImage-1.0.

If the owner later chooses CLImage-1.0, make that a clear mapping-only change.
The new generator should reject future conflicting duplicates rather than
silently introducing a new choice.

3.2 Preserve the literal Seedream mapping

The supplied input says:

  Seedream,CLVideo

Compatibility default:
  Bare Seedream heading -> CLVideo

This is unusual on an image-generation page, but the owner's explicit mapping
takes precedence over an agent's assumption about the product name.

The contextual version rules in Section 09 use the owner's separate 即梦
version values, CLImage-3.0 through CLImage-3.3. This means the family heading
and version buttons can intentionally have different prefixes under the
current table. Document that result rather than hiding it.

If the owner wants a uniform CLImage family heading, that is a separate policy
change to Seedream, not an automatic code correction.

3.3 Literal strings are not patterns

  FLUX.1 Kontex (pro/max)

is a literal source name. "(pro/max)" does not mean "match pro or max".
Retain the literal row and define explicit correspondences for actual UI
spellings such as FLUX.1 Kontext, kontext-pro, and kontext-max.

3.4 Identical duplicate normalized keys

GPT-image-2.5 and gpt-image-2.5 normalize to the same lookup key and have the
same destination. Coalescing these is safe; report it as a harmless duplicate.
A duplicate with different destinations is a validation error.

3.5 Unknown values and generic status words

Leave unknown labels unchanged. Do not infer an unknown variant's identity
from a generic prefix.

The supplied 暂未上架 -> CLVideo-2.1 rule should apply where that text is being
used as a model entry. Do not convert unrelated product-availability messages
elsewhere in the application into a model name.

3.6 Explicit contextual correspondence

This guide proposes an explicit correspondence between the provider's Seedream
version selector and the owner's 即梦 version keys. The public provider menu
links the Seedream route to the 即梦 family.

Agents should implement the listed correspondence as a reviewed policy table,
not as a broad assumption that all Seedream-containing text is replaceable.
Do not change backend values such as seedream50pro.


04. SOURCE-OF-TRUTH MAPPING AND BUILD DESIGN

4.1 Proposed canonical source

Use one tracked file:

  config/display-names/names.txt

If a newer branch already has a canonical names.txt and generator, extend that
implementation instead of creating a competing source.

Appendix B supplies the proposed canonical contents, preserving current
behavior and resolving the conflicting FLUX Krea row.

4.2 Proposed generated/shared files

  scripts/build-model-aliases.cjs
  config/display-names/display-correspondence.cjs
  public/harson-customization/model-aliases.generated.js
  public/harson-customization/model-alias-resolver.js

Suggested responsibilities:

names.txt:
  Owner-controlled exact source-to-display mappings.

display-correspondence.cjs:
  Explicit display spellings, context rules, and canonical-key references.
  It should refer back to names.txt keys rather than repeat destination values.

build-model-aliases.cjs:
  Parse, validate, expand approved correspondences, generate deterministic data.
  Support --check to detect stale generated output without modifying files.

model-aliases.generated.js:
  Browser/CommonJS-compatible data containing exact aliases, contextual rules,
  a schema version, and a deterministic mapping hash.
  It contains no credentials, provider tokens, user records, or account state.

model-alias-resolver.js:
  Pure lookup and context-resolution logic shared by the parent page and iframe.
  No DOM observation, network calls, routing changes, or origin bypasses.

4.3 Parsing rules

- Read UTF-8; tolerate a leading BOM.
- Accept LF and CRLF line endings.
- Ignore empty lines.
- If comments are supported, document the syntax, such as a line beginning #.
- Parse a two-column CSV using the repository's existing CSV parser dependency
  or an equally explicit parser. Handle quoted commas if the format supports
  them. Do not split silently into an arbitrary number of columns.
- Require exactly one nonempty source and one nonempty destination.
- Trim the leading/trailing whitespace from both fields.
- Preserve the original source spelling separately for diagnostics.
- Preserve destination spelling and capitalization.
- Reject malformed rows with the filename and line number.
- Reject conflicting normalized duplicates.
- Coalesce identical normalized duplicates with a warning.
- Verify that every correspondence references an existing canonical source.
- Reject destination-to-source alias cycles or define one-pass-only behavior.
  Prefer one-pass resolution with aliases never treated as new source input.

4.4 Normalization

Normalize source lookup keys consistently in both generator and resolver.

Recommended:
  Unicode normalization, such as NFKC, with collision detection.
  Trim outer whitespace.
  Collapse runs of whitespace to one space.
  Case-insensitive comparison.

Do not change the visible original text or backend values while normalizing.
Normalize a lookup copy only.

Keep existing no-space variants through explicit correspondence entries.
If retaining a loose "remove all spaces" index, validate its collisions too.
Do not let a first-entry/last-entry accident decide conflicting loose matches.

Zero-width characters, unusual punctuation, and alternative dashes should be
handled only through a documented normalization policy or explicit variants.
Do not remove arbitrary punctuation from model identifiers.

4.5 Build behavior

The generated output must be deterministic. Do not include the current wall
clock in bytes that otherwise have not changed.

Suggested new npm scripts after they are implemented:

  "aliases:build": "node scripts/build-model-aliases.cjs"
  "aliases:check": "node scripts/build-model-aliases.cjs --check"

The current Dockerfile runs node server.js directly. A prestart npm hook alone
will not guarantee generation inside that image.

Choose and document one consistent approach:
  Commit generated output and verify it during CI/image build; or
  Generate it during image build after copying the canonical source.

Prefer committed generated output plus a stale-output check for a reviewable
diff. The browser should not fetch names.txt repeatedly.

Build the data once per release and ship it with the renderer.


05. FILE-BY-FILE CHANGE INVENTORY

Existing file:
  public/harson-customization/image-tab-config.js
Changes:
  Add verified floating/header selectors.
  Keep origin/module restrictions.
  Consume generated mapping data instead of maintaining a second alias object.
  Correct outdated comments and include release/schema metadata.

Existing file:
  public/harson-customization/image-tab-labels.js
Changes:
  Remove sidebar-dependent activation.
  Use the shared resolver.
  Add component adapters for nested/split labels and contextual versions.
  Handle applicable attributes independently of visible-text adaptation.
  Preserve original nodes and values.
  Improve lifecycle cleanup, diagnostics, and reversible disable behavior.

Existing file:
  src/services/yibaiDisplayInjection.js
Changes:
  Inject shared data and resolver before config and renderer.
  Use coordinated, versioned asset URLs.
  Retain bounded HTML-only injection and duplicate-injection protection.
  Do not transform provider JSON, JavaScript, or request bodies.

Existing file:
  src/gateway/server.js
Changes:
  Only the static asset/version integration and associated accurate comments
  should need adjustments for this feature.
  Preserve authentication, session isolation, allowlists, streaming, and proxy
  behavior. Avoid bundling unrelated gateway rewrites with the alias fix.

Existing file:
  public/aigc-workspace.html
Changes:
  Load the shared alias data and resolver before aigc-workspace.js.

Existing file:
  public/js/aigc-workspace.js
Changes:
  Resolve display names at render time for catalog headings and img.alt.
  Add explicit model-label context to catalog records when necessary.
  Keep original routing/filter identity unless a separate UI-search behavior
  is intentionally added and tested.

Existing file:
  tests/image-tab-injection.test.cjs
Changes:
  Assert new asset order/version and production mapping behavior.
  Stop treating hardcoded object equality as proof of all-page coverage.

New test files, suggested:
  tests/model-alias-resolver.test.cjs
  tests/model-alias-generator.test.cjs
  tests/model-labels.browser.cjs
  tests/fixtures/model-labels/

Existing file:
  scripts/test-gateway-fixture.js
Changes:
  Update expected asset paths and injection markers.
  Retain existing gateway/authentication tests.
  Add pass-through and fixture integration assertions as needed.

Existing files:
  package.json, package-lock.json, Dockerfile
Changes:
  Add build/check/test scripts and optional pinned test tooling as needed.
  Keep browser tooling out of production runtime dependencies.

Old copied tree:
  tab_customization/
Changes:
  Mark obsolete browser fixtures/docs clearly or update their role.
  Do not patch only this tree while leaving public/ unchanged.
  Do not delete unrelated material just to simplify this task.

New documentation:
  docs/model-display-aliases.md
Contents:
  Canonical source, matching policy, version table, deployment, rollback,
  diagnostic commands, and known limitations.

Existing auth files:
  src/controllers/aigcSessionController.js
  src/services/aigcFrameTicketService.js
Expectation:
  No alias-driven authentication redesign or token changes are required.


06. STEP 0: PREPARE AN ISOLATED BRANCH AND RECORD THE BASELINE

Goal:
  Start from the requested branch without losing existing work.

Actions:

1. Read applicable AGENTS.md and repository contribution instructions.
2. Inspect git status. Preserve unrelated modifications and untracked files.
3. Fetch the current temp-main branch.
4. Record the actual starting commit.
5. Compare it with the reviewed commit. Review newer changes before proceeding.
6. Work on an isolated feature branch or worktree.

Example commands from an existing clone:

  git status --short
  git fetch --no-tags origin temp-main
  git rev-parse origin/temp-main
  git log -5 --oneline origin/temp-main
  git worktree add -b fix/model-display-alias-coverage \
    ../harson-display-alias-fix origin/temp-main

If that branch/worktree already exists, inspect and reuse it when appropriate.
Do not force-delete it or use git reset --hard to make these commands succeed.

Record:
  Starting commit.
  Existing customization version.
  Current deployment image ID/tag.
  Current provider upstream host, without exposing secrets.
  Whether deployed config/renderer hashes match the branch.

The historical reviewed version is all-pages-4. Do not assume that remains
the latest version when the agents execute this document.

Exit criteria:
  A clean, isolated implementation area exists.
  The agent can identify the actual runtime files and deployed release.
  No production behavior has changed.


07. STEP 1: CREATE REGRESSION FIXTURES FOR THE REPORTED FAILURES

Goal:
  Demonstrate the bug with the production scripts before changing them.

Use local browser fixtures. Route mock HTTPS requests to fixture responses so
the existing https://ai.harson-base.com origin guard can remain enabled.
Do not disable browser security.

Required fixture layouts:

A. Standard image module:
   Known mapped sidebar label.
   History badge with gpt-image-2.5.
   Heading with gpt-image-2.5 under its actual heading container.

B. Floating model selector:
   A header_fix element outside SubLayout-draw.
   IcTabs containing individual IcTab elements.
   Include image-2, 全能图片, 全能图片 pro, and 全能图片2.

C. Seedream:
   Floating Seedream heading.
   Version buttons 4.0, 4.5, 5.0 lite, and 5.0 pro.
   A history badge with Seedream 5.0 Pro.
   Unrelated numerical labels outside the model selector.

D. Workflow page:
   SubLayout-draw containing DefaultLayout-header with FLUX Krea.

E. Pattern module:
   Sidebar with only tool names, no known model names.
   ToolLayout-header with 悠船MJ V7.

F. Nested/attribute cases:
   A split model label.
   An icon plus label.
   A title-only model label.
   A model-label span within a native button.
   A late-inserted dropdown/dialog and a reused history card.

Keep the original DOM shape, icons, source text, and representative event
handlers. Do not build a fixture that already has only the selectors the
implementation happens to recognize.

Observe actual composed/rendered output, not just light-DOM textContent.
The existing shadow approach intentionally retains original source text in
the light DOM, so searching raw DOM text for old names is not a valid visual
coverage test.

Exit criteria:
  Current code fails the relevant new assertions.
  Existing sidebar/history success cases remain represented.
  Fixtures import files from public/harson-customization, not the old copy.


08. STEP 2: FIX SELECTOR COVERAGE AND SIDEBAR ACTIVATION

Goal:
  Correct the verified structural misses with a small, reviewable change.

8.1 Add verified selectors

Extend the existing selectors array with:

  ".header_fix > span",
  ".header_fix .IcTabs > .IcTab",
  ".DefaultLayout-header",
  ".ToolLayout-header"

Keep existing sidebar, history, badge, menu, dialog, and relevant tooltip
selectors. Deduplicate identical entries.

The absence of the SubLayout-draw prefix is deliberate: floating headers can
be siblings of the content containing SubLayout-draw.

Matching remains exact against approved model labels, and execution remains
restricted to the gateway origin and supported provider modules.

8.2 Remove global sidebar gating

Existing:

  const nextActive = enabled && sidebarMatches();

Proposed:

  const nextActive = enabled;

The script's initialization must still verify:
  Required config and script metadata exist.
  The current origin is the configured trusted gateway origin.
  The injected module is in the supported module list.
  The renderer has not already been installed.
  Required rendering capabilities are supported.

Remove or repurpose sidebarMatches() so it no longer controls unrelated label
surfaces. Sidebar data may still be used as optional local context or a
diagnostic, not as a mandatory global prerequisite.

8.3 Preserve existing fallback behavior

Unknown labels should continue to display unchanged. Module support does not
mean every number or text fragment in that module is a model label.

If required shadow capabilities are absent, keep provider controls usable and
expose a diagnostic reason instead of silently presenting an inactive status
as successful coverage.

8.4 Required checks

- Floating image-2 becomes CLImage-4.0.
- 全能图片 pro becomes CLImage-5.1.
- 全能图片2 becomes CLImage-5.2.
- FLUX Krea workflow title becomes CLImage.
- A mapped ToolLayout-header works without any mapped sidebar entries.
- Functional tool labels remain unchanged.
- A bare Seedream heading becomes CLVideo under the current literal policy.
- Case-only GPT variants still resolve.

This step does not by itself solve every bare version, nested label, or
parent-page catalog. Continue through the remaining steps before claiming
complete platform coverage.


09. STEP 3: IMPLEMENT SHARED MATCHING AND CONTEXTUAL VERSIONS

Goal:
  Give the parent and iframe one predictable resolver.

Suggested resolver contract:

  resolveDisplayName(sourceText, context) -> alias string or null

Example context fields:
  module
  surface
  modelFamily
  originalModelIdentity

Context must come from verified component/route information or known catalog
metadata. Do not use the currently rendered alias as the identity source.
The original light-DOM text can still be read when the renderer preserves it.

9.1 Lookup order

1. Normalize a copy of the complete source label.
2. Try an exact approved mapping.
3. Try an explicit display-spelling correspondence.
4. Try an explicit, narrowly scoped contextual rule.
5. Otherwise return null.

Do not cascade aliases. Resolving CLImage-4.1 again should not produce another
replacement.

9.2 Seedream version selector

The public component inspected during review used:

  Visible label   Original value/object
  4.0             seedream
  4.5             seedream45
  5.0 lite        seedream50
  5.0 pro         seedream50pro

Use these values or equally verified route/component metadata only to
recognize the model context. Never change them.

Within that version-selector context, resolve:

  4.0       -> canonical key 即梦 4.0      -> CLImage-3.0
  4.5       -> canonical key 即梦 4.5      -> CLImage-3.1
  5.0 lite  -> canonical key 即梦 5.0 Lite -> CLImage-3.2
  5.0 pro   -> canonical key 即梦 5.0 Pro  -> CLImage-3.3

An implementation sketch, not a complete replacement module:

  const seedreamVersionKeys = {
    "4.0": "即梦 4.0",
    "4.5": "即梦 4.5",
    "5.0 lite": "即梦 5.0 Lite",
    "5.0 pro": "即梦 5.0 Pro"
  };

  function resolveDisplayName(source, context) {
    const key = normalize(source);
    const exact = exactLookup(key);
    if (exact !== null) return exact;

    if (context.surface === "model-version-tab" &&
        context.modelFamily === "seedream") {
      const canonical = seedreamVersionKeys[key];
      if (canonical) return exactLookup(normalize(canonical));
    }

    return null;
  }

The production version must also support the correspondence table, null-safe
input handling, diagnostics, and the tested normalization policy.

9.3 Full versioned display labels

Add explicit display correspondences:

  Seedream 4.0      -> 即梦 4.0
  Seedream 4.5      -> 即梦 4.5
  Seedream 5.0 Lite -> 即梦 5.0 Lite
  Seedream 5.0 Pro  -> 即梦 5.0 Pro

The generated targets come from the canonical mapping, not copied CLImage
strings inside multiple modules.

Bare Seedream still follows its exact mapping to CLVideo.

Do not guess whether an unsuffixed "Seedream 5.0" means Lite or Pro.
Record it as unresolved unless reliable model identity supplies the variant.

9.4 Version specificity

Do not implement:

  replace every "image-2" substring with "CLImage-4.0"

That can corrupt a version such as image-2.5.

Likewise do not replace generic Midjourney or Seedance prefixes before a
specific full model label. Prefer exact full-label matching.

For approved composite catalog titles such as "Seedance 2.5 视频", use structured
metadata or an explicit correspondence. Preserve a verified descriptive suffix
if the UI needs it. Do not apply unrestricted regex replacement to arbitrary
sentences.

9.5 Tests for the resolver

Include:
  Exact full names.
  Case and whitespace variants.
  Same-destination normalized duplicates.
  Conflicting duplicates rejected by the generator.
  Bare versions resolved only with correct context.
  Unknown contexts and variants return null.
  Specific versions never reduced to generic family aliases.
  Alias outputs are not reprocessed as source names.


10. STEP 4: EXTEND THE DISPLAY RENDERER SAFELY

Goal:
  Cover small and nested label elements while preserving provider behavior.

10.1 Keep the renderer separate from the resolver

The resolver decides the text to show.
The renderer decides how to show it on a verified label surface.
The gateway injects assets and does not rename model IDs.

10.2 Component adapters

Create explicit adapters, or an equivalent maintainable structure, for:
  Sidebar model label.
  ToolLayout heading.
  DefaultLayout heading.
  Floating family heading.
  Floating IcTab/model version.
  Quasar model label.
  Model dropdown choice.
  History badge.
  Example-image badge.
  Model dialog/tooltip.
  Parent-page catalog title.

Each adapter should identify:
  Eligible container/label element.
  How original source text is read.
  Whether it represents one complete label or several labels.
  Optional model-family context.
  Which presentation attributes may be adapted.
  How it restores the original rendering.

Prefer stable component classes or semantic roles verified in the actual DOM.
Do not depend on generated data-v-* attribute hashes or child positions alone.

10.3 Single text node

The existing shadow/manual-slot approach can show an alias while leaving the
provider's original text node intact. Retain that advantage.

10.4 Nested label

If the selected component contains a dedicated nested label span, adapt that
span rather than the entire button or form container.

Walk within approved label containers, not indiscriminately across the page.
A relevant nested text mutation must also cause the owning label adapter to
be reconsidered.

10.5 Split label

Example:

  <span class="verified-model-label">
    <span>全能图片</span><span>2</span>
  </span>

Resolve the complete label "全能图片2" at the label-container level.
Do not independently rename the first span to CLImage-5.0 and leave "2"
appended, producing the wrong model name.

Only aggregate text that belongs to one verified label. Do not concatenate a
whole card's heading, prompt, time, cost, and actions into a candidate label.

Keep original child nodes and listeners intact. For a noninteractive
label-only host, a controlled shadow representation can display the resolved
alias while retaining source nodes. Preserve separate icon nodes through
slots when needed.

10.6 Buttons and links

Not every native element accepts attachShadow(). The existing implementation
also has its own limited host-tag set.

Prefer adapting a supported inner span/div containing the model label while
retaining the original button/link element and event handler.

Do not blindly add BUTTON, A, STRONG, or other unsupported elements to the
shadow-host set and assume it fixes coverage.

If the actual provider uses a direct-text native button with no suitable label
child, implement and test a specific adapter for that component. Do not replace
its innerHTML, recreate the button, or wrap/move provider nodes generically.
If a direct text change is considered for a component, prove that its source
text is not used as model identity and that submitted payloads are unchanged.
The default strategy remains preserving original provider-owned source text.

An unresolved component must appear in the coverage report. A release cannot
claim complete coverage for that component before its adapter is verified.

10.7 Attributes

Handle title and aria-label on approved model-label surfaces even when the
element has no visible mapped text.

Store:
  Latest provider-supplied attribute value.
  Last adapter-written value.
  Current resolved value.

When the provider reuses a node, recognize a genuinely new source value and
resolve it. On disable, restore the latest provider value, not a stale value
from a previous model.

For Harson-owned images, resolve img.alt through the parent renderer.
Do not blanket-rewrite placeholder text or unrelated accessibility content.

10.8 Exclusions

Preserve exclusions for:
  input, textarea, select, option
  script, style, pre, code
  contenteditable regions
  .Prompt
  .TextToImageCard-prompt
  .prompt-content

Do not remove all exclusions to satisfy a visual test.

Native select/option labels need a dedicated, verified display/value adapter
if they are part of the observed product. Keep option.value unchanged and
verify the provider does not derive request identity from option.text.
Treat that as a deliberate additional adapter, not a generic text walk.

10.9 Styles, interaction, and accessibility

Check:
  Font, color, line height, and layout inheritance.
  Selected/hover states.
  Click targets and keyboard focus.
  Icons and buttons retained as the same nodes.
  Text wrapping and clipping with longer CLImage/CLVideo values.
  Dialog/tooltip accessibility names.
  Unsupported rendering capability fallback.

Do not force all aliases into fixed-width controls by truncating meaningful
version numbers. Adjust only the relevant label styling if necessary.

10.10 Disable and cleanup

setEnabled(false) should restore the provider's current visible labels.
Repeated enable/disable must not create duplicate observers or nested aliases.

A shadow root cannot simply be removed with a detachShadow operation.
For hosts already adapted, restore rendering by slotting the current original
children through the existing root. A later page load with the feature off
starts with untouched markup.

Keep original nodes and event handlers available throughout.


11. STEP 5: MAKE DYNAMIC NAVIGATION AND RENDERING RELIABLE

Goal:
  Handle Vue updates, lazy rendering, and reused nodes without reload loops.

11.1 Keep one observer

Use one coordinated MutationObserver per provider document for relevant
childList, characterData, and selected attribute changes.

The current code already has an observer; improve its candidate selection.
Adding more timers or observers is not the solution to a missing selector.

11.2 Incremental candidate collection

For each mutation:
  Consider the changed element or text node's parent.
  Consider the nearest approved owning label container where necessary.
  Scan added subtrees for known component targets.
  Reconsider adapted descendants when a relevant ancestor class/context changes.
  Remove detached hosts from strong tracking sets.

Collect candidates in a Set and schedule one bounded flush.
Avoid rescanning the entire document for every small mutation.

11.3 Idempotence

If source, context, alias, and child-node identity have not changed, do no work.
Avoid updating title or aria-label when the desired value already matches.

Guard against observer loops caused by the adapter's own attribute writes.
Shadow-root rendering should not cause a body-subtree loop, but light-DOM
attribute writes still need equality checks.

11.4 Context refresh

A reused node may keep the same short version text while its model context
changes. Include context identity in its rendering signature.

Read route state without changing route state.
Use existing route events/hooks if the application exposes suitable ones.
For back/forward navigation, handle the relevant event and reconsider context.
If a pushState/replaceState hook is actually needed, make it reversible,
idempotent, and tested; do not repeatedly monkey-patch router behavior.

11.5 Long galleries

Use incremental work and bounded diagnostics.
Do not scan every history card at a short interval.
Do not retain references to removed cards indefinitely.
If a large batch needs yielding, use measured batching while keeping above-fold
labels responsive. Do not introduce a polling loop by default.

11.6 Startup

Load the alias data, resolver, config, and renderer in dependency order.
Install before or during the initial provider render where possible.
The observer should catch later component creation.

Do not hide the entire page while waiting for replacements. A failed or
unsupported adapter should not produce a blank interface.

11.7 Required dynamic cases

- Change between all seven module entries.
- Change model version within one page.
- Open and close a model dropdown.
- Open a tooltip/dialog.
- Load more history items.
- Reuse an existing card for another model.
- Replace a whole component subtree.
- Navigate with browser back/forward.
- Disable and re-enable the adapter.
- Confirm no alias-triggered iframe reload occurs.


12. STEP 6: APPLY THE RESOLVER TO HARSON'S OWN PAGES

Goal:
  Rename parent-page model labels using the same mapping.

12.1 Existing catalog integration point

In public/js/aigc-workspace.js, renderAllTools() currently uses tool.name for:
  The catalog-card heading.
  The image alternative text.

Add a display helper at rendering time. Conceptual example:

  const displayName =
    resolveCatalogDisplayName(tool) || tool.name;

  title.textContent = displayName;
  image.alt = displayName;

Keep tool.name and original routing/identity data intact.

12.2 Structured context

For ambiguous or composite catalog labels, add explicit presentation metadata.
Example design:

  {
    name: "Seedance 2.5 视频",
    modelLabelKey: "Seedance 2.5",
    displaySuffix: " 视频",
    cover: existingCoverPath
  }

Resolve the canonical key and append the approved descriptive suffix.
Do not rename image filenames or routing keys solely for display branding.

For Seedream 5.0 Pro cards, use the explicit version correspondence from
Section 09, while retaining the original catalog record.

12.3 Script loading

Load shared data and the pure resolver before aigc-workspace.js.
Use ordered defer scripts, not async dependencies that can race.

The iframe DOM renderer should remain guarded for the gateway origin.
Do not load that DOM observer indiscriminately on the parent page.

12.4 Other native pages

Search owned HTML/JavaScript/templates for model labels outside the iframe.
Exclude minified vendor bundles and binary/generated media from routine source
searches. Inspect each real rendering path before changing it.

Examples to inspect:
  Home/catalog cards.
  Navigation labels.
  Model headings in owned pages.
  Model-related notifications or dialogs.
  Search/filter display labels.

If user-facing search exists, it may optionally accept both original and alias
names. Keep that logic separate from provider identity and test it explicitly.

Exit criteria:
  Mapped catalog titles and alternative text use the shared resolver.
  Existing card routing, filters, image loading, and click behavior still work.


13. STEP 7: VERSION ASSETS AND IMPROVE DIAGNOSTICS

13.1 Dependency order

After adding the shared files, the injected order should be:

  1. Generated mapping data.
  2. Shared resolver.
  3. Provider adapter config.
  4. Provider DOM renderer.

Retain ordered defer execution.
Update injection tests to assert this order.

If config is required from Node tests, make its generated-data import work in
CommonJS as well as the browser.

13.2 Coordinated asset version

The current URLs contain image-tab-1 while the config says all-pages-4.
Use one release identifier or content-hashed asset set across data, resolver,
config, and renderer.

Possible design:
  Keep the gateway's reserved static mount.
  Store complete release directories beneath public/harson-customization.
  Inject URLs for one complete immutable release.
  Retain prior release assets while old pages might still request them.

Do not add a changing timestamp to every page request. That defeats caching
and does not solve compatibility between mixed script versions.

If changing the reserved mount instead, update:
  Injection helper.
  Gateway static route.
  Tests and deployment checks.
  Any explicit Nginx location rules that actually exist.

Do not assume Nginx needs a change without inspecting its deployed config.

13.3 Cache policy

Versioned public alias assets may be cached.
Authenticated HTML and sensitive account/API responses must keep their
existing privacy/cache behavior.

Do not configure broad CDN/proxy caching for the whole authenticated iframe.
Do not confuse the public mapping files with personalized provider responses.

13.4 Existing diagnostics

Current methods:
  window.HarsonImageLabels.status()
  window.HarsonImageLabels.dumpUnmatched()
  window.HarsonImageLabels.setEnabled(false)

Keep compatibility with these if practical.

Current dumpUnmatched() only recognizes exact known text nodes and skips
parents with renderer records. It cannot provide complete coverage for unknown
versions, split labels, or all inactive adapted records.

13.5 Proposed diagnostics

Enhance status to include:
  Asset/release version.
  Mapping hash.
  Module name.
  Enabled/active state.
  Capability support.
  Number of currently renamed label elements.
  Number of recognized unresolved model-label surfaces.

Add a bounded diagnostic report with categories such as:
  not-targeted
  unknown-label
  missing-context
  unsupported-host
  unsupported-browser
  excluded-editable
  already-owned-shadow-root
  mapping-conflict

These are proposed fields/categories, not claims about the current API.

Do not log:
  Credentials or cookies.
  Provider tokens or launch tickets.
  Full URLs containing query secrets.
  User prompts or account contents.
  Entire DOM/HTML dumps.

Diagnostic strings should come from recognized label surfaces and safe context.
Distinguish visible unresolved labels from original source text intentionally
retained behind an alias in the light DOM.

13.6 Feature switch

Retain the existing YIBAI_IMAGE_ALIASES_ENABLED gateway switch.

The parent-page catalog integration needs a compatible application-controlled
switch or release rollback path of its own. Turning off gateway injection
alone does not disable a resolver already used by the parent page.

A switch change affects newly served pages; it does not magically unload an
already-running renderer. Document the distinction between:
  Local session disable.
  Disabling new injection.
  Rolling back the deployed assets/application.


14. STEP 8: RUN THE ACCEPTANCE TESTS AND BUILD THE RELEASE

14.1 Generator and resolver

Verify:
  The canonical file generates stable output.
  --check fails on stale output.
  Blank/BOM/CRLF handling works.
  Malformed lines report a useful location.
  Conflicting duplicates fail validation.
  Same-target normalized duplicates coalesce.
  All owner-supplied canonical rows are represented.
  Explicit spelling variants resolve.
  Context versions resolve only in the proper model selector.
  Unknown names and unapproved variants remain unchanged.
  Matching does not cascade or corrupt longer versions.

14.2 Browser presentation

Verify:
  Sidebar aliases.
  ToolLayout and DefaultLayout headings.
  Floating headers outside SubLayout-draw.
  IcTab and actual model-label button children.
  Contextual Seedream versions.
  Full versioned history labels.
  Image/video badges.
  Dropdowns and dialog/tooltip labels.
  Nested/split labels.
  Attribute-only labels.
  Parent-page catalog headings and img.alt.

Verify the expected strings from this document, not screenshots captured after
the implementation and treated as automatic truth.

14.3 Original identity and event behavior

Set up mock request capture or intercept requests before they reach a real
paid endpoint. Compare representative operations with the adapter disabled
and enabled.

Compare meaningful payload fields, excluding nondeterministic timestamps or
request IDs where necessary.

Verify:
  Original model/object/workflow IDs are equal.
  Selected option values are equal.
  Original prompt text is equal.
  File upload content and relevant metadata are equal.
  Clicking a model triggers the same routing/selection behavior.
  Existing button and icon listeners still fire.
  Generation controls retain their enabled/disabled state.
  No extra provider request is sent because of alias rendering.

Do not describe a fixture test as a completed paid production generation test.

14.4 Lifecycle

Verify:
  Initial render.
  Delayed render.
  Provider text update in an existing node.
  Entire node/subtree replacement.
  Context change with unchanged short text.
  Back/forward navigation.
  Portal-mounted UI.
  Long scrolling history.
  Observer cleanup and detached node release.
  Repeated enable/disable.
  Unsupported-capability fallback.
  Duplicate script injection protection.

14.5 Gateway regression

Use the existing local gateway fixture and retain authentication behavior.
Check:
  Asset delivery at the expected URLs.
  Ordered script injection only into intended HTML.
  Module metadata remains correct.
  JSON and other non-HTML responses are not renamed.
  Upload/request payloads are not changed.
  Existing session/ticket and allowlist behavior still passes.

The injection helper has a size limit; oversized/nonmatching HTML should not
be blindly modified. Do not remove those protections to force injection.

14.6 Test commands

Existing reviewed suite:

  node --test tests/image-tab-injection.test.cjs

After the proposed scripts/tests have been implemented:

  npm ci
  npm run aliases:build
  npm run aliases:check
  node --test tests/model-alias-generator.test.cjs
  node --test tests/model-alias-resolver.test.cjs
  node --test tests/image-tab-injection.test.cjs
  node --test tests/model-labels.browser.cjs
  node scripts/test-gateway-fixture.js

Document browser-tool installation and executable requirements in the repo.
Use a pinned test dependency compatible with the project. Do not install
browser engines into production containers simply to run development tests.

Test commands should produce clear pass/fail results. A missing browser or a
fixture setup failure is not a successful coverage check.

14.7 Build gate

Before release:
  git diff --check must pass.
  Generated data must be current.
  Required tests must pass against production paths.
  A Docker image must contain the new shared assets and scripts.
  The release must have a unique identity usable for rollback.
  The mapping policy decisions must be included in the change description.

Do not expand unrelated dependency upgrades into this release.


15. STEP 9: STAGING VERIFICATION

Goal:
  Verify actual authenticated behavior without disrupting working production.

15.1 Use the real architecture

Staging should retain:
  Main application.
  Dedicated gateway.
  Same-origin alias assets inside the gateway document.
  Existing app-to-gateway ticket flow.
  Separate main-page rendering integration.

For a staging domain, configure an explicit trusted renderer origin.
Do not use a wildcard origin check as a temporary shortcut that can reach
production.

15.2 Required manual walkthrough

With an authorized staging/test account:
  Open the image module.
  Visit each model shown in the screenshots.
  Open every relevant version selector.
  Check history and example badges.
  Open the pattern module with its tool-only sidebar.
  Visit video, upscaler, clothing, e-commerce, and prompt modules where mapped
  model labels actually appear.
  Visit Harson's All Tools catalog.
  Exercise dropdowns, dialogs, tooltips, and back/forward navigation.

Where a module has no mapped model labels, unchanged functional tool labels
are expected. Do not manufacture replacements for unrelated controls.

15.3 Layout review

Check desktop sizes used by the owner and smaller supported windows.
Ensure aliases do not hide the selected state, overflow buttons, or obscure
controls. Check keyboard navigation and accessible model names.

15.4 Performance comparison

Compare adapter disabled/enabled under the same workflow:
  Module opening.
  Version switching.
  Loading a long history gallery.
  Scrolling.
  Opening dropdowns.
  Repeated navigation.

Watch for persistent observer loops, growing retained-node counts, excessive
full-document scans, or added network polling.

Do not promise a numerical performance target without measuring a baseline.
The key requirement is responsive UI with no alias-driven reload cycle.

15.5 Capture evidence safely

Record:
  App/renderer release.
  Mapping hash.
  Module/surface checked.
  Expected and observed display label.
  Pass/fail.
  Redacted screenshots where needed.
  Payload identity checks from authorized test operations.

Do not publish raw HAR files or screenshots containing session tokens, prompts,
account data, or credentials.

Exit criteria:
  All mapped surfaces in the acceptance list are verified or explicitly
  documented with a remaining adapter task.
  Do not mark full coverage complete while a reported model label still leaks.


16. STEP 10: PRODUCTION DEPLOYMENT

Goal:
  Ship the verified release on the existing Alibaba Cloud setup.

16.1 Deployment facts from the reviewed repository

The Compose setup has:
  app: Node application, host loopback port 3000.
  gateway: separate Node process, host loopback port 3001.
  gateway profile: "gateway".
  shared application image name: harson-pg:latest.
  app data bind mount: ./data:/app/data.
  mongo service with a persistent volume.

The Dockerfile copies application files into the image. There is no existing
source-code bind mount for hot-updating customization scripts.

Therefore, changing a file in the host Git checkout alone does not update a
running container's copied assets.

16.2 Important restart behavior

The reviewed gateway stores its sessions in an in-memory Map.
The app's frame-ticket service also uses in-memory Maps.

Recreating the gateway loses its in-memory gateway sessions. Recreating the
app loses outstanding one-time tickets. Do not promise a completely
interruption-free deployment under this architecture.

Plan the release when active generations/uploads are minimal.
After a restart, users may need to reopen the module from Harson so the normal
ticket flow establishes a fresh gateway session.

Do not force refresh all user iframes while jobs or uploads are active.

Persistent/distributed session storage is a separate architecture project;
do not quietly introduce it as part of the display-name fix.

16.3 Pre-deployment checklist

- Confirm the tested commit and release identifier.
- Retain the prior working image ID/tag and source commit.
- Preserve existing environment settings and mounted data.
- Ensure the mapping hash matches the release notes.
- Confirm both app and gateway will serve compatible shared assets.
- Verify whether any Nginx/CDN rule affects the customized asset path.
- Check the actual deployment location and project name.
- Keep credentials out of the runbook, shell history, and logs.

Existing settings to verify, without printing secrets:

  YIBAI_FRAME_PUBLIC_ORIGIN=https://ai.harson-base.com
  YIBAI_IMAGE_ALIASES_ENABLED=true

Preserve the working upstream and internal API configuration.
The reviewed .env.example contains stale explanatory comments; do not copy
its placeholder values over the working production .env.

16.4 Deploy as one coordinated release

Preferred sequence:

1. Build the tested image without stopping the current containers.
2. Retain a usable prior image tag before replacing a mutable latest tag.
3. Verify generated mapping files and all dependent scripts in the new image.
4. Deploy the app/gateway release using the existing operational workflow.
5. Validate health and public alias asset availability.
6. Open one pilot session and inspect the expected aliases.
7. Complete the module acceptance walkthrough.
8. Monitor for display errors and normal request behavior.

Compose command shapes, only from the verified deployment checkout:

  docker compose --profile gateway build app gateway
  docker compose --profile gateway up -d --no-deps app gateway

These are examples for the reviewed service names, not a substitute for the
operator's tagged-image release process. --no-deps assumes existing dependency
services are already running. Preserve any production overrides.

Do not run docker compose down -v. No database reset or migration is required
for model display aliases.

The existing mutable harson-pg:latest tag is not sufficient rollback evidence.
Retain the actual prior image under a separate tag or use the team's existing
immutable release tags.

16.5 Health and asset checks

Examples that do not require provider credentials:

  curl -fsS https://ai.harson-base.com/__harson/healthz

Download the new public alias assets to temporary files and verify their
release identifiers/hashes. Use the actual versioned URLs introduced by the
implementation, not a guessed future path.

A successful health response or HTTP 200 for a script does not prove that the
browser executed the correct renderer. Also inspect status() in a pilot
iframe session and verify visible aliases.

16.6 Pilot checks

Expected under this guide's compatibility policy:
  FLUX Krea -> CLImage
  gpt-image-2.5 -> CLImage-4.1
  image-2 -> CLImage-4.0
  悠船MJ V7 -> CLImage-2.0
  全能图片 -> CLImage-5.0
  全能图片 pro -> CLImage-5.1
  全能图片2 -> CLImage-5.2
  Seedream -> CLVideo
  Seedream version 5.0 pro -> CLImage-3.3

Verify the pattern-design page even when its sidebar has no mapped models.
Verify at least one parent-page All Tools card.

16.7 Avoid repeated reloads after release

A new document load receives the new scripts.
Already-open documents keep their current in-memory code unless a deliberate,
tested hot-update mechanism exists.

Do not add setInterval reloads, cache-busting timestamps on every navigation,
or forced relogin loops. Subsequent model/tab updates should be handled by the
observer and render-time resolver.

16.8 Production completion record

Record:
  Release commit and image tags.
  Deployment time.
  Mapping hash.
  Pilot module/surface results.
  Whether sessions needed reopening.
  Any unresolved provider component.
  Rollback release reference.


17. STEP 11: ROLLBACK AND INCIDENT DIAGNOSIS

17.1 Local visual disable

Inside the correct gateway iframe's DevTools execution context:

  window.HarsonImageLabels?.setEnabled(false)

This is for that loaded document. It should restore provider labels while
retaining usable controls. It is not a server-wide rollback.

The parent-page resolver needs its own implemented display switch or release
rollback, as described in Section 13.

17.2 Disable future gateway injection

Set the existing feature switch to false through the normal deployment
configuration process:

  YIBAI_IMAGE_ALIASES_ENABLED=false

A process restart may be required to read a changed environment variable.
Existing loaded documents will not automatically unload their scripts.
Account for the in-memory session behavior when restarting the gateway.

Keep the working proxy and login integration. A display rollback should not
require switching all traffic back to a different provider origin.

17.3 Roll back the application release

Restore the retained previous app/gateway image and matching asset set through
the existing deployment mechanism.

Restore compatible parent-page and iframe assets together.
Do not restore an old mapping with a new incompatible renderer by accident.
Do not modify user data, provider data, model IDs, or account CSVs.

Recheck:
  Main-page access.
  Gateway health.
  Normal module launch.
  Provider controls and request identity.
  Expected original or previous aliases.

17.4 Failure triage

Symptom: status() is undefined.
Check:
  Correct iframe execution context.
  Script injection and load order.
  JavaScript errors.
  Origin/module guard.
  Required browser capability.
  Duplicate-install behavior.
Do not immediately weaken the origin guard.

Symptom: active is false on a tool-only sidebar page.
Check:
  Whether the old sidebar gate remains.
  Whether the browser is still running an old renderer release.

Symptom: sidebar changes but floating tabs do not.
Check:
  .header_fix location.
  Whether individual .IcTab labels are targeted.
  Whether tabs are native elements with nested label spans.

Symptom: FLUX Krea heading remains original.
Check:
  .DefaultLayout-header adapter.
  Exact/normalized source text and exclusions.

Symptom: gpt-image-2.5 remains original.
Check:
  Header container and nested text coverage first.
  The reviewed mapping already contains this source and case-insensitive lookup.

Symptom: only 4.5 or 5.0 pro remains unchanged.
Check:
  Context adapter execution.
  Canonical version correspondence.
  Whether the node is in the verified model version selector.
Do not add a global numeric replacement.

Symptom: Seedream 5.0 remains unresolved.
Check:
  Whether Lite/Pro identity can be established reliably.
  Whether a new provider display spelling needs an explicit mapping.
Do not infer a variant just to hide the old name.

Symptom: All Tools still shows originals.
Check:
  Shared resolver loading on harson-base.com.
  renderAllTools() integration.
  Composite catalog metadata.

Symptom: aliases look duplicated or a version is appended incorrectly.
Check:
  Split-label handling.
  Cascading/substr replacement.
  Alias-on-alias processing.
  Whole-label versus independent-child resolution.

Symptom: repeated CPU activity after the page becomes idle.
Check:
  Observer self-triggering through attributes.
  Missing equality/signature checks.
  Multiple observers from repeated initialization.
  Repeated full-document scans.

Symptom: old names are found in Elements but not on screen.
Check:
  Whether they are intentionally preserved light-DOM source text behind an
  alias shadow root. Do not treat this alone as a visible leak.

Symptom: users must reopen frames after deployment.
Check:
  Whether the gateway was recreated and lost in-memory sessions.
  Use the existing Harson launch flow to establish a new session.
  Do not create an automatic rapid reload/relogin loop.


18. SUGGESTED AGENT HANDOFFS AND COMPLETION REPORT

Use sequential handoffs or disjoint file ownership. The labels below describe
work packages, not a requirement to launch agents concurrently.

Agent A: baseline and regression reproduction
  Owns baseline notes and fixtures.
  Reports actual start commit, fixture failures, and runtime paths.
  Does not deploy.

Agent B: canonical data and resolver
  Owns names.txt, correspondence policy, generator, generated data, resolver.
  Provides tests and documented duplicate/context decisions.
  Does not change gateway authentication.

Agent C: provider renderer coverage
  Owns config selectors, activation, DOM adapters, lifecycle, diagnostics.
  Uses Agent B's resolver contract.
  Provides original-value and interaction-preservation tests.

Agent D: parent application and asset integration
  Owns renderAllTools integration, ordered script loading, injection assets,
  version paths, and relevant build changes.
  Coordinates with Agent C to avoid incompatible asset assumptions.

Agent E: verification and release
  Runs tests against actual runtime files.
  Performs staging checks.
  Builds/deploys through the established project workflow when authorized.
  Records release/rollback references and remaining issues.

No agent should mark its task complete merely because its isolated tests pass.
The integration owner verifies one coherent mapping/schema/asset release.

Suggested small commits:
  1. Add regression fixtures for missed model labels.
  2. Fix floating/default headers and remove sidebar activation dependency.
  3. Generate canonical aliases and add shared context resolver.
  4. Extend nested label/attribute handling and diagnostics.
  5. Integrate parent catalog and versioned asset loading.
  6. Add integration verification and deployment documentation.

Agent completion report template:

  Baseline commit:
  Implemented commit(s):
  Mapping source path:
  Mapping hash:
  Duplicate policy applied:
  Seedream heading policy:
  Context rules added:
  Runtime files changed:
  Tests run and results:
  Authenticated staging checks:
  Original payload identity verification:
  Deployed image/release:
  Deployment time:
  Pilot screenshots or safe evidence:
  Known unresolved labels:
  Rollback release:
  Next action, if any:

Report tests not run as "not run" with the reason. Do not present a proposed
test, a mock request, or a public-bundle inspection as live generation evidence.


19. DEFINITION OF DONE

The release is complete when all applicable statements are true:

[ ] Work is based on the requested current temp-main lineage.
[ ] Canonical names.txt is tracked and used by a deterministic build.
[ ] Conflicting mappings cannot silently enter generated output.
[ ] FLUX Krea compatibility behavior is explicit.
[ ] Seedream heading and version policies are explicit.
[ ] Parent and iframe use the same shared resolver/data.
[ ] Floating model headers and individual tabs are covered.
[ ] DefaultLayout and ToolLayout headings are covered.
[ ] A tool-only sidebar does not disable the whole renderer.
[ ] Contextual version labels resolve only in the correct component.
[ ] Known versioned Seedream badges resolve explicitly.
[ ] Nested/split labels do not produce incorrect combined aliases.
[ ] Buttons, dropdowns, dialogs, badges, and tooltips are verified where used.
[ ] Prompts and editable/user content remain unchanged.
[ ] Original provider IDs, option values, routes, and request payloads remain.
[ ] Existing handlers and control states remain functional.
[ ] Dynamic updates work without alias-triggered iframe reloads.
[ ] Reused nodes and detached nodes are handled correctly.
[ ] No persistent observer loop or unnecessary polling is introduced.
[ ] Tests exercise production files, not only the old copied tree.
[ ] The built image contains all assets in the correct dependency order.
[ ] Release/version metadata is consistent across parent and iframe.
[ ] Staging and pilot checks cover the reported screenshots.
[ ] Prior release artifacts and rollback instructions are available.
[ ] In-memory session restart behavior is accounted for.
[ ] Remaining unknown provider components are honestly documented.
[ ] Deployment evidence identifies the actual release and mapping hash.


APPENDIX A. ORIGINAL MAPPING SUPPLIED BY THE OWNER

The following preserves the supplied row order, including the conflicting
FLUX Krea rows. Do not use it as validated canonical data without applying
the explicit resolution in Section 03.

FLUX Krea,CLImage-1.0
FLUX Krea,CLImage
FLUX.1 Kontex (pro/max),CLImage-1.1
FLUX.1 Kontext pro,CLImage-1.1
FLUX.1 Kontext max,CLImage-1.1
Midjourney V7,CLImage-2.0
Midjourney,CLImage
悠船MJ V7,CLImage-2.0
即梦 ,CLImage
即梦 4.0,CLImage-3.0
即梦 4.5,CLImage-3.1
即梦 5.0 Lite,CLImage-3.2
即梦 5.0 Pro,CLImage-3.3
image-2,CLImage-4.0
image-2.5,CLImage-4.1
GPT-image-2,CLImage-4.0
GPT-image-2.5,CLImage-4.1
gpt-image-2.5,CLImage-4.1
全能图片,CLImage-5.0
全能图片 Pro,CLImage-5.1
全能图片 2,CLImage-5.2
Seedance 2.0,CLVideo-2.0
Seedance,CLVideo
Seedance 2.5,CLVideo-3.0
Seedream,CLVideo
Happy Horse,CLVideo-1.0
暂未上架,CLVideo-2.1


APPENDIX B. PROPOSED CANONICAL names.txt

Proposed location: config/display-names/names.txt

This resolves the conflicting FLUX Krea row using the deployed behavior,
trims 即梦's trailing space, and retains the same-destination GPT casing row
for traceability. The generator may coalesce that harmless duplicate.

FLUX Krea,CLImage
FLUX.1 Kontex (pro/max),CLImage-1.1
FLUX.1 Kontext pro,CLImage-1.1
FLUX.1 Kontext max,CLImage-1.1
Midjourney V7,CLImage-2.0
Midjourney,CLImage
悠船MJ V7,CLImage-2.0
即梦,CLImage
即梦 4.0,CLImage-3.0
即梦 4.5,CLImage-3.1
即梦 5.0 Lite,CLImage-3.2
即梦 5.0 Pro,CLImage-3.3
image-2,CLImage-4.0
image-2.5,CLImage-4.1
GPT-image-2,CLImage-4.0
GPT-image-2.5,CLImage-4.1
gpt-image-2.5,CLImage-4.1
全能图片,CLImage-5.0
全能图片 Pro,CLImage-5.1
全能图片 2,CLImage-5.2
Seedance 2.0,CLVideo-2.0
Seedance,CLVideo
Seedance 2.5,CLVideo-3.0
Seedream,CLVideo
Happy Horse,CLVideo-1.0
暂未上架,CLVideo-2.1


APPENDIX C. CONTEXT AND SPELLING CORRESPONDENCE

Store these as source-spelling-to-canonical-key relationships so destination
changes in names.txt propagate consistently.

Display spelling                  Canonical source key

FLUX.1 Kontext                    FLUX.1 Kontex (pro/max)
FLUX.1Kontext                     FLUX.1 Kontex (pro/max)
FLUXKrea                          FLUX Krea
Kontext Pro                       FLUX.1 Kontext pro
kontext-pro                       FLUX.1 Kontext pro
Kontext Max                       FLUX.1 Kontext max
kontext-max                       FLUX.1 Kontext max
悠船Midjourney V7                  悠船MJ V7
悠船 Midjourney V7                 悠船MJ V7
悠船 MJ V7                        悠船MJ V7
悠船M| V7                         悠船MJ V7
悠船M｜ V7                        悠船MJ V7
MidjourneyV7                      Midjourney V7
即梦4.0                           即梦 4.0
即梦4.5                           即梦 4.5
即梦5.0 Lite                      即梦 5.0 Lite
即梦5.0 Pro                       即梦 5.0 Pro
全能图片Pro                       全能图片 Pro
全能图片2                         全能图片 2
HappyHorse                        Happy Horse
SeeDance                          Seedance
SeeDance 2.0                      Seedance 2.0
SeeDance 2.5                      Seedance 2.5
GPT image 2                       GPT-image-2
GPT image 2.5                     GPT-image-2.5

Case normalization covers equivalent Pro/pro and GPT/gpt variants.
These correspondences retain display variants present in the reviewed config.

Additional explicit version correspondences proposed for this fix:

Seedream 4.0                      即梦 4.0
Seedream 4.5                      即梦 4.5
Seedream 5.0 Lite                 即梦 5.0 Lite
Seedream 5.0 Pro                  即梦 5.0 Pro

Short strings only within the verified Seedream version selector:

4.0                               即梦 4.0
4.5                               即梦 4.5
5.0 lite                          即梦 5.0 Lite
5.0 pro                           即梦 5.0 Pro

Do not turn the four short strings into global aliases.

Keep unknown examples unresolved until their identity is established:
  Seedream 5.0
  SeeDance 2.0 VIP
  A newly introduced provider model
  A matching number in a resolution, price, duration, or unrelated field

Some provider labels may use further prefixes or punctuation. Add those only
after observing the exact display string and verifying its intended canonical
identity. Do not invent coverage for unseen variants.


APPENDIX D. DIAGNOSTIC EXAMPLES

Select the ai.harson-base.com iframe execution context in DevTools.
The top-level harson-base.com window has a different JavaScript context.

Existing status:

  window.HarsonImageLabels?.status()

Existing bounded-use diagnostic:

  window.HarsonImageLabels?.dumpUnmatched().slice(0, 50)

Local disable:

  window.HarsonImageLabels?.setEnabled(false)

Local re-enable:

  window.HarsonImageLabels?.setEnabled(true)

Do not infer success solely from renamedElements being greater than zero.
A sidebar alone can make that count nonzero while headings remain unchanged.

In the reviewed version:
  Known aliases can remain unreported if the diagnostic skips their parent.
  Unknown version labels are not recognized by an exact-only diagnostic.
  Original light-DOM text may intentionally remain behind a correct alias.

The improved diagnostic should record the relevant display surface and reason
without copying user prompts or sensitive page content.

Suggested safe per-surface result:

  module: image-generator
  surface: floating-model-tab
  sourceLabel: image-2
  resolvedLabel: CLImage-4.0
  result: renamed
  release: actual release identifier

A record for a bare numerical label should include its verified family
context. Never use that context as a reason to modify a backend request.


APPENDIX E. SOURCE REFERENCES

Reviewed repository commit:
https://github.com/naseerkhan861/harson-pg/commit/9117ecd801d4077828ac72e429f17186a42fac24

Runtime config at the reviewed commit:
https://github.com/naseerkhan861/harson-pg/blob/9117ecd801d4077828ac72e429f17186a42fac24/public/harson-customization/image-tab-config.js

Runtime renderer at the reviewed commit:
https://github.com/naseerkhan861/harson-pg/blob/9117ecd801d4077828ac72e429f17186a42fac24/public/harson-customization/image-tab-labels.js

Injection helper:
https://github.com/naseerkhan861/harson-pg/blob/9117ecd801d4077828ac72e429f17186a42fac24/src/services/yibaiDisplayInjection.js

Gateway:
https://github.com/naseerkhan861/harson-pg/blob/9117ecd801d4077828ac72e429f17186a42fac24/src/gateway/server.js

Parent workspace renderer:
https://github.com/naseerkhan861/harson-pg/blob/9117ecd801d4077828ac72e429f17186a42fac24/public/js/aigc-workspace.js

Public asset URLs compared during review:
https://ai.harson-base.com/__harson_custom/image-tab-1/image-tab-config.js
https://ai.harson-base.com/__harson_custom/image-tab-1/image-tab-labels.js

Examples of provider component assets inspected on 29 September 2026:
https://cl-base.yibaiaigc.com/assets/ToolLayout-DtKksiFV.js
https://cl-base.yibaiaigc.com/assets/DefaultLayout-Diq6oLhU.js
https://cl-base.yibaiaigc.com/assets/IcTabs-Di_94mjz.js
https://cl-base.yibaiaigc.com/assets/IndexPage-BF_74u7H.js
https://cl-base.yibaiaigc.com/assets/IndexPage-BKC00ZTB.js

Public provider asset filenames can change with provider releases. Treat these
as evidence for the dated review, not permanent integration contracts.

Browser API references:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MutationObserver
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/attachShadow
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLSlotElement/assign

END OF RUNBOOK

